of everything
without a doubt one of the most games
expected of the year by all
fans of the genre of cars
spa of the film 4 the new delivery of the
veteran dangerous saga of the
developer days that also reaches the
first title of the franchise in giving the
jump to the next generation consoles
commenting first on the way
campaign we tell you that this time
we want to give greater prominence to this
modality which has almost always played
a purely testimonial role and even
nonexistent in the eyes of faults
in this sense the scenarios of the mode
history will now be much bigger and
open which will give great freedom
of action being able to choose between
several alternative ways to
flank the enemies or get up
our objetive
it will be possible to face a mission using
different tactics as we wish to opt
more for stealth or for an attack
direct seeing that mention that
practically all the elements of the
scenario will be destructible so
If a wall hinders our way not
we will have more to make us jump by
the airs
it will also be more important
the use of vehicles which pilot
we will do both on dry land to
conform and air against tones by
example with missions which we will have
make an assault in the ocean
using water vehicles although we have
to clarify that the campaign will continue
being designed for a single player without
possibility of playing so
cooperative
now going on to comment
the new possibilities of the mode
online multiplayer will come loaded
of many improvements confirming as of
input the Xbox one and
Playstation 4 will allow games of
up to 64 simultaneous players equaling
if in this way so far
it was only possible in the versions
of pc
in addition the patrols in which
divide the players of each side
may be up to 5 players instead
of 4 an option that had been very
demanded by many users and that opens
the doors to greater team play
it's also another pretty element
significant the fact that for
first time in the saga the vehicles that
pile more they will not have ammunition
limited so they will be necessary
replenish them before their
projectiles are exhausted or otherwise
they will be left without being able to shoot
although without a doubt the novelty more
important is the expected return of the
comandante dealing for those who more
you see familiar with the first
deliveries of the wings of a player who
will follow all the action of the field of
battle from an aerial view and this
way you can perform actions such as giving
practical orders to the leaders of the
different patrols deployed as a bird
which indicates the position of the enemies
throw from the air supplies and
vehicles or even carry out
devastating missile attacks
tomahawk while being able to make use of
all these skills will depend on the
concrete flags of the map that our
team has under its control in each
instant
but that's not all, since we have also
to mention that not only could we play
as commanders from pc ball console
but also from a tablet something that
implies that the commander is no longer
be an infantryman like
happened in battlefield if in fact not
may die nor for a place of
player so if we add the two
commanders of each team the games
online will actually be 66 players
and before ending as expected
the game will demonstrate high quality
very realistic visual and very
spectacular highlighting so much for a
system of destruction in the scenarios
absolutely amazing as for some
characters endowed with animations and
especially of some faces very
detailed for it they will be flagged
use of from spain 3 one version
evolved from the graphic engine used in
the previous battle film giving us is
of an unprecedented level in games
of the genre is truly
impressive the scale they have now
the land scenarios only in their
extension but also in its height
can happen in just a few seconds that
fight in the tunnels of the metro to
be doing it on the roof of a
huge skyscraper which can even be
be destroyed from its foundations something
that will completely transform the field
of battle during the course of the
games
in addition a mode has also been added
spectator what will allow us to observe
the games of other players
controlling the camera at our whim
in order to learn from them or create
our own videos of the best
moments of being also very
oriented to this option towards the ies
force is to say the electronic sports
where a game can be commented
as if it was a television broadcast
it was
battlefield 4 will hit the stores of
the hand of electronics from 29
October for xbox 360 platforms
and playstation3 while the
versions of xbox one and playstation 4
will be released at the end of this same
year coinciding with the departure to
market of both consoles